feat(vpcep): add new datasource to get a VPC endpoint service summary information (#5476)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/vpcep_service_summary.md

---
subcategory: "VPC Endpoint (VPCEP)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_vpcep_service_summary"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get a VPC endpoint service summary information.
---

# huaweicloud_vpcep_service_summary

Use this data source to get a VPC endpoint service summary information.

> -> This API allows other users to query the summary information about VPC endpoint service created by you or the
>   system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> This data source allows current user query the summary information about VPC endpoint service created even if it belongs to other users or the system.
```
